hey this is William and this is my 2012
fireworks stash and yes I'm also going
to show you what came in the 2012 family
pack yeah TNT family pack forever so my
first item is the Morning Glory
sparklers I don't know what sparklers
are but these ones are colored I have
red yellow and green ones which is two
packs of each bag and I have ground
balloons phantom fireworks anthem
fireworks has a good buy one get one
free deal on these ground balloons and
they yeah I bought this pack and I got
this pack free how much and I have the
flashing wheel fountain phantom wheel a
punk you slayed it once and it stays
like two hours too late the rest of your
fireworks hey get it number one TNT
blasts your lighter when they pop kind
of like poppets but big big explosion
bigger and pop its smoke balls I
the first fountain is that the first
thing that my sure you hear is the
artificial fire and that's a pretty cool
fountain and I have to these fountains a
mother nature
and the precious stones and the precious
stone pretty cool fountain
mother nature's are pretty close out
into and I have right here a flashing
fountain eight-pack a star fire problem
I still think the eye the eye man never
mind forgot what I was going to say get
all the time
heat then here is a global Lights
fountain that's pretty cool fountain the
star fire goes really high I said I like
about that one Southern Nate yeah yeah
you know what I mean by Nate Silver snow
I kind of want to see what this looks
like I've never seen one of these three
Nance and junebugs two remotes
yeah and the comments can someone please
tell me what a junebug is is I'm not
really clear on it spirit of 76 base
fountain
sorry it's backwards looks stupid like
that rose blossom pretty cool fountain
it's okay
and some more of those TMT flashing
fountains just in a different box okay
now I'm going to show you the items that
did come in the box the items included
in the box were the TNT flashing
fountains the silver snow the rain dance
the rose blossom the two junebugs
the spirit of 76 base mountain the you
guys I'm going to think about this oh
yeah
the southern night the what came next
okay flashing fountains the global light
star fire fountain the artificial fire
fountain I don't know why I just showed
you that uh in a precious stone and
precious stones and mother nature and
the artificial fire the aims that did
not come in the box that I got worthy
tanti blasts they explode the ground
balloons
they're pretty cool they're still
amazing you need to get some moves you
put him on the ground spin they're so
cool oh yeah the punk came in the box
I told you it's a little lighter thingy
you really don't need to get the punk in
the box because they give you a few free
punks if you buy enough fireworks and a
flashing wheel nail it to the piece of
wood or something and we'll spin horst's
in the name some smoke balls I love
these
I'm just I'm gonna hide some like yeah
put some in my room on seconds use smoke
bombs they might be illegal f
fritzsche July so I wouldn't recommend
doing it so I might get not even do it
myself
yeah but that is my fireworks stash for
2012 thanks for watching bye